#### Rails Crud Assessment
- There will be three parts to this.
- Rails/View stories
- Capybara testing.
- Developer Workflow / Git.
- Don't worry about bootstrap or CSS.
- Rails new your-name-week7 --database postgresql
- Once again, don't worry about bootstrap or CSS.
- Remember to not worry about bootstrap or css.
- Seriously stop thinking about adding boostrap...
- GL, HF

###### Github
- Initialize a github repo
- Create a github repository called your-name-week7 on github.
- Push all commits here.
- Remember to commit clearly and frequently.

######  Data Model
- We are setting up a School.
- The models are Courses and Users.

```
- Users have
  - user_name, string.
  - password_digest, string.
  - about, string.

- Courses have
  - title, string.
  - day/night, boolean. (it either happens as a night class or day class)

```

###### Rails View Stories

Application layout should have login link if no current user and logout link if there is a current user.


```
1. Crud Users
  - Show Page
  - New page
  - Edit Page
  - Index page showing all users

Remember to add validations so Users can not have the same user_name

2. Authentication for Users
    - login page

```

Login page:

```
user_name:
password:
Login

```

Courses Index Page
```
Title           | day or night
statistics 101  | Day            | Delete Course
programming 101 | Night          | Delete Course

```

Courses Show Page

```
Title: title
Day or Night: night
Year: Freshman

```
###### Capybara Stories

User Authentication
```
Test valid users can log in.

```

Courses Crud
```
Test that users can CRUD courses.

```
